hello and welcome back I am
bring and this is my blog what is there
Great new in prilly was the first
really monster in his life
hunter multiplayer game with two
friends like them and we want that
have about eight nine hours to complete
played monster hunter and it was
I made super pretty crazy fun
So far I have been allowed to do so
Already 15 hours so solo
put in and I thought that was
quite entertaining to majority and
what goes through this concept of the game
it again mad and I
would like to take away too much but too
monster hunter is still here
hopefully a review will run this review
for weeks to come that this week the
to write and produce
otherwise next week and then could
look forward to it and by the way thanks for that
whole terrific feedback burkhard von
videos on friday talk in the last
Friday came a customer meebo video
online in which I have a body level
have painted back on this
i called it dark kirby but it
is in the reason of meta knight kirby for
my buddy went and that went very well
so if you 're up for it, then
Look at a canal there you will find that
Video in which I am my first customer
Meebo do and there were a few
anticipate complication-free with the
prime
There's somehow color in that
isolated fixed the abt adhesive
tape and I then tried
once a miniature of a birth
Do not use with sprayer too with spray paint
prime knowledge with many resin
make model like time models but
with the brush to prime and if
you have me on twitter facebook folk
she is already seen I have the
I have made it more diligent and that is what I have
better in bathing
made in a new york stock exchange
just ready for the evo this year
who also smash four will be there with
a little jersey and there I have
just the pants and the shirt with that
Brush primed and you can see his
just do not pants who you in conti same
Color is like in the original but
a shirt unique I have a few
times dvb t shirts changed so
bit spotty you want to say but
definitely works just like
hoped for it
and I will accordingly
I'll continue to tackle next
planned to make a joschi and that
the blue is not a big job
but then bock on it and then have
I once before I would like to do link
do and indeed do link in the link to the
past style with pink hair
Red armor at the end of the purple cap
but I can not find any cheap
do link you have to go through the city
scour so I was only at the
Shops near me is on Amazon
costs things like you 25 euros what me
very annoying and what to do from the top
would I really want times very
like to take one and the
actual exactly the same color scheme
paint like in the original but club and
I have on the normal hlinka meebo
noticed that there is very little deeper in there
that's all, many details
imprinted in the regime or the
plastic model but the chassis active
and I would actually like simple times
a model next to, for example, straight
link and the exact same time and in
original but with a lot more depth
and accents
I'm very fond of it that's called there
will the elements videos come to me
have now made a video for moreover
here because I just did not know how it is
but will come out as joschi comes
then play a video and be clear
I should then find my tooling
then for all cases
otherwise not much was said
I was a weekend monster I play
have my longer than for the first time
first longer time slow again
sport long sports long piece
Strength training I usually go
so my lunch break in the gym
to do some physical exercise and
in the evening I pulled did and was but I
then with the past sunday even
two hours or two and a half hours
like in the gym and was unfamiliar
I was well done after that did
In any case, especially with the good
it actually used to like it
good weather
even if you do not go out then
making gold as easy as that
motivated to do more that maybe
just so that completely psychological
and I believe it's up to you that I
My stomach is eating so much vegetables
revise slowly
I feel it through the whole
Lower Rhine pulled so I eat
At least it is not healthier
always quite successful I eat too
but the plan is yes save it i get
so if you can get enough
Muscles then you can do more
more stuff first because the body star
that it can be that the plan
not smarter but you can
give it a try
apart from video games I have one
great series on netflix is ​​relatively new
that is called unbreakable kiki schmidt
great series within us
in fact almost one evening
pulled in on the evening when we left
Training training with sat down
the series was just what it looked like
do not follow very long that will be
from big production hall knows and
Great story- heavy series otherwise
sitcom format five and ten minutes
and it's so entertaining the
Characters are great, it's about one
Girl with a cinema for 15 years
was locked away in a bunker by the
crazy sect leader of the meant
the world has gone down and then comes
you in freedom and after 15 years
and must come in the current world
and she is so naive and so no idea
have you are a real vehicle
netflix unbreakable chemically with whole
big cinema
that 's it for me since today
I also have a game update for you
that will arrive tomorrow and on Friday
eventual monster at the wake about it
is the thing to write this is the
assumption we will see you then
a next video if you like that
Customer I saw then I looked
look at that and just pick you up to
then